DevNetOps - Accenture Training – Post Test - 6March 2020:

Note: Participants need to select at least one answer from multiple choice questions but few questions can have multiple answers, in which case choose as many right answers as possible

1.	What is DevOps?
a.	It’s a Software Development Methodology
b.	It’s a culture that promotes better co-operation between Dev & Ops team 
c.	A set of best practices to reduce delivery times
d.	Automate all possible activities within a project

2.	Which of the following is/are true in the Network Ecosystem? Pick one or more?
a.	No standardization of equipment since there are multiple vendors
b.	Configurations are manual tasks and hence error prone
c.	It is very easy to automate network devices since all of them follow standard protocols
d.	Most of the network outages are attributed to human errors caused inadvertently

3.	Who coined the term DevOps?
a.	Larry Page
b.	Patrick Debois
c.	Martin Fowler
d.	No one

4.	Pick all those which are applicable for NetDevOps or DevNetOps. Pick one or more
a.	Start using programmatic interface to configure devices, thus reducing the errors caused by manual CLI configurations
b.	Adopt powerful Configuration Management Tools to propagate device configurations reliably & repeatedly
c.	Continuously monitor health of devices
d.	Encourage the team to adopt all possible automations

5.	Which of the following can be used for NetDevOps? Pick one or more
a.	RESTCONF/NETCONF
b.	Python
c.	ANSIBLE
d.	YANG

6.	Who created Jenkins?
a.	Linus Torvalds
b.	Bill Gates
c.	Kohsuke Kawaguchi
d.	Akane Yamaguchi

7.	What’s the relation between Hudson & Jenkins?
a.	They are not related
b.	Hudson is the recent release of Jenkins
c.	Jenkins originated from Hudson
d.	They both refer to the same product

8.	Choose the pre-requisites required to install/run Jenkins, pick one or more.
a.	JDK or JRE  version 1.8
b.	Apache Ant
c.	Apache Maven
d.	Apache Tomcat Server

9.	What is the role played by Git during Continuous Integration involving Jenkins? Pick one or more correct answers.
a.	Git acts as a source code management tool
b.	Git provides plugins for Continuous Integration
c.	Git Client provides hooks for integrating with Jenkins Server
d.	Git Server provides web-hooks for invoking call back functions which can be used by Jenkins to trigger automatic jobs

10.	Pick all that is needed to Integrate Jenkins with GitHub Server for CI
a.	GitHub credentials (SSH keys or username & password)
b.	GitHub plugin installed on Jenkins
c.	CI plugin installed on Jenkins
d.	Maven 

11.	What is the basic problem that is addressed by Containers?
a.	They are light weight
b.	Resolves application portability issues
c.	Software Components and their dependency issues

12.	What is the correct URL for configuring a webhook in GitHub? Pick one or more
a.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/github-web-hook/
b.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/github-webhook/
c.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/jobname/github-webhook/
d.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/jobname/webhook/


13.	What all needs to be considered by Backing up Jenkins? Pick one or more.
a.	Ensure that Jenkins is running full capacity jobs
b.	Ensure that Jenkins runs as limited jobs as possible
c.	If possible, shut down Jenkins while backing it up

14.	While running Jenkins on Linux, what additional configuration needs to be considered? Pick one or more
a.	Jenkins User needs to be have appropriate privileges to run applications
b.	Jenkins User needs to have correct folder permissions
c.	There is no difference between Jenkins on Windows & Linux

15.	What best defines a pipeline Job in Jenkins? Pick one or more.
a.	A bunch of jobs that listen to the same message queue
b.	A series of Jobs that are owned & run by the same user
c.	A set of Jobs which define a certain workflow & dependency
d.	There is nothing called pipeline Jobs in Jenkins

16.	What is a Jenkins Agent or Slave? Pick one or more.
a.	It is another Jenkins Server
b.	It’s a light weight Jenkins worker 
c.	It’s a Jenkins Server running on low configuration node
d.	There is no difference between Jenkins Server & Agent

17.	Which source code management plug-in does Jenkins install by default (recommended plugins)? Pick one or more.
a.	Subversion (SVN)
b.	Git
c.	CVS
d.	None

18.	Pick the command using which ANSIBLE can be installed on Ubuntu machine
a.	sudo yum update && sudo yum install ansible
b.	sudo apt get update && sudo apt-get install ansible
c.	sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install ansible
d.	sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-install ansible


19.	Which of the following will copy hello.txt from ANSIBLE server to a group of servers aliased by “app”, into the “tmp” folder
a.	ansible app –a file –m “copy src=hello.txt dest=/tmp”
b.	ansible all –m copy –a “file src=hello.txt dest=/tmp”
c.	ansible app –m copy –a “src=hello.txt target=/tmp”
d.	ansible app –m copy –a “src=hello.txt dest=/tmp”


20.	What is gathering facts in ANSIBLE playbook?
a.	It’s a fact finding probe which can be randomly used by ANSIBLE
b.	It’s a special tool for gathering information about devices
c.	This is the first default task run by any ANSIBLE playbook which gathers information about all nodes that it controls
d.	There is nothing called gathering facts in ANSIBLE playbook
